pDCOffIdleNoSeq -- a / start60s -> iniMPostCoutingTimeNoSeq
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdleNoSeq -- a / null -> safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTimeNoSeq
safeMEndHkIdleSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMPrepHkRIdleSeq
safeMVerOpIdleNoSeq -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMEPPsOffIdleNoSeq
safeMParAnCR2IdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdleNoSeq
safeMWaitHkCoutingTimeNoSeq -- a / null -> safeMEndHkIdleNoSeq
safeMEPPsOffSDIdleNoSeq -- a / null -> pDCOffIdleNoSeq
safeMEPPsOffIdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdleNoSeq
safeMWaitHkCoutingTimeSeq -- a / null -> safeMEndHkIdleSeq
iniMPostCoutingTimeNoSeq -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTimeNoSeq
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPPsOffSDIdleNoSeq
safeMPrepHkRIdleSeq -- a / HK_DATA_RSC0 -> safeMTxHkRIdleSeq
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdleNoSeq
safeMBeginChSwIdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMParHkRIdleNoSeq
safeMParHkR2IdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMParAnCR2IdleNoSeq
safeMParAnCRIdleNoSeq -- a / null -> safeMWaitHkCoutingTimeSeq
safeMTxHkRIdleSeq -- a / null -> safeMWaitHkCoutingTimeNoSeq
safeMEndHkIdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMPrepHkRIdleNoSeq
safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTimeNoSeq -- a / null -> safeMBeginChSwIdleNoSeq
safeMEnteredCoutingTimeNoSeq -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdleNoSeq
safeMParHkRIdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMParAnCRIdleNoSeq
safeMPrepHkRIdleNoSeq -- a / HK_DATA_RSC0 -> safeMTxHkRIdleNoSeq
safeMTxSciRIdleNoSeq -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMParHkR2IdleNoSeq
safeMTxHkRIdleNoSeq -- a / NO_DATA -> safeMTxSciRIdleNoSeq
