pDCOffIdle -- a / start60s -> iniMPostCoutingTime
nomMPrepDmpR3Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC7_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpR4Idle
nomMWaitPrepDmp2Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpR3Idle
nomMTxDmpR6Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMEndDmpDataIdle
safeMWaitToNominalIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMBeginDmpDataIdle
nomMTxDmpR2Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_415 -> nomMTxDmpR3Idle
nomMPrepDmpR2Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepHkR1Idle
nomMPrepDmpR2Idle -- b / DMP_DATA_RSC7_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpR2Idle
safeMVerOpIdle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMEPPsOffIdle
safeMEPPsOffSDIdle -- a / null -> pDCOffIdle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPPsOffSDIdle
iniMPostCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTime
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle
nomMTxDmpR1Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpR2Idle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle -- a / null -> safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime
nomMTxDmpR5Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_415 -> nomMTxDmpR6Idle
nomMEndDmpDataIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle
safeMEnteredCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdle
nomMTxDmpR4Idle -- a / timeout -> nomMTxDmpR5Idle
nomMWaitDmpSqErIdle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmp1Idle
safeMEPPsOffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle
nomMBeginDmpDataIdle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> nomMWaitDmpSqErIdle
nomMPrepHkR1Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMTxDmpR1Idle
safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMWaitToNominalIdle
nomMWaitPrepDmp1Idle -- a / timeout -> nomMPrepDmpR1Idle
nomMPrepDmpR1Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMTxDmpR1Idle
nomMTxDmpR3Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmp2Idle
