pDCOffIdle -- a / start60s -> iniMPostCoutingTime
nomMPrepDmpP6RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP6R1Idle
nomMTxDmpP6R2Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP7Idle
safeMWaitToNominalIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMBeginPg47Idle
safeMVerOpIdle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMEPPsOffIdle
safeMEPPsOffSDIdle -- a / null -> pDCOffIdle
nomMTxDmpP4R2Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP5Idle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPPsOffSDIdle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP7Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP7RIdle
nomMPrepDmpP4RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP4R1Idle
nomMTxDmpP6R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMTxDmpP6R2Idle
nomMEndPg47Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle
iniMPostCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTime
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle -- a / null -> safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime
nomMBeginPg47Idle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP4Idle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP6Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP6RIdle
nomMPrepDmpP7RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP7R1Idle
nomMTxDmpP4R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMTxDmpP4R2Idle
safeMEnteredCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdle
nomMPrepDmpP5RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP5R1Idle
nomMTxDmpP5R2Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP6Idle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP5Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP5RIdle
safeMEPPsOffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle
nomMTxDmpP7R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMEndPg47Idle
nomMTxDmpP5R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMTxDmpP5R2Idle
safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMWaitToNominalIdle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP4Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP4RIdle
