pDCOffIdlePower -- a / start60s -> iniMPostCoutingTimePower
safeMBeginPwVerIdlePower -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMParHkRIdlePower
iniMPostCoutingTimePower -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTimePower
safeMEndHkIdlePower -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMPrepHkRIdlePower
safeMWaitHkResCoutingTimeNoPower -- a / null -> safeMEndHkResIdleNoPower
safeMPrepHkRResIdleNoPower -- a / HK_DATA_RSC0 -> safeMTxHkRResIdleNoPower
safeMWaitHkCoutingTimePower -- a / null -> safeMEndHkIdlePower
safeMBeginResVerIdleNoPower -- a / null -> safeMWaitHkResCoutingTimeNoPower
safeMVerOpIdlePower -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMBeginPwVerIdlePower
safeMResetOKIdlePower -- a / null -> pDCOffIdlePower
safeMEnteredCoutingTimeNoPower -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdleNoPower
pDCResetIdleNoPower -- a / null -> iniMPostCoutingTimeNoPower
safeMTxHkRResIdleNoPower -- a / er_POST_Reset -> safeMResetOKIdlePower
safeMPowerOnOkIdleNoPower -- a / CMD_REC -> pDCResetIdleNoPower
safeMTxHkRIdlePower -- a / er_POST_PowerOn -> safeMPowerOnOkIdleNoPower
iniMPostCoutingTimeNoPower -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTimeNoPower
safeMVerOpIdleNoPower -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMBeginResVerIdleNoPower
safeMPrepHkRIdlePower -- a / HK_DATA_RSC0 -> safeMTxHkRIdlePower
safeMEndHkResIdleNoPower -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMPrepHkRResIdleNoPower
safeMEnteredCoutingTimePower -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdlePower
safeMParHkRIdlePower -- a / null -> safeMWaitHkCoutingTimePower
