pDCOffIdle -- a / start60s -> iniMPostCoutingTime
nomMPrepDmpR3Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC25_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpR4Idle
nomMTxDmpR6Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMEndPg5Idle
safeMWaitToNominalIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMBeginPg5Idle
nomMTxDmpR2Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_897 -> nomMTxDmpR3Idle
nomMPrepDmpR2Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepHkR1Idle
nomMPrepDmpR2Idle -- b / DMP_DATA_RSC25_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpR2Idle
safeMVerOpIdle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMEPPsOffIdle
safeMEPPsOffSDIdle -- a / null -> pDCOffIdle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPPsOffSDIdle
iniMPostCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTime
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle
nomMTxDmpR1Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpR2Idle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle -- a / null -> safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime
nomMBeginPg5Idle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> nomMWaitDmpSqErIdle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP2Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpR3Idle
nomMTxDmpR5Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_897 -> nomMTxDmpR6Idle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP1Idle -- a / timeout -> nomMPrepDmpR1Idle
safeMEnteredCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdle
nomMEndPg5Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle
nomMTxDmpR4Idle -- a / timeout -> nomMTxDmpR5Idle
nomMWaitDmpSqErIdle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP1Idle
safeMEPPsOffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle
nomMPrepHkR1Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMTxDmpR1Idle
safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMWaitToNominalIdle
nomMPrepDmpR1Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMTxDmpR1Idle
nomMTxDmpR3Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP2Idle
