pDCOffIdle -- a / start60s -> iniMPostCoutingTime
nomMTxDmpP1R2Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP2Idle
nomMPrepDmpP0RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP0R1Idle
safeMWaitToNominalIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMBeginPg03Idle
nomMPrepDmpP3RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP3R1Idle
nomMTxDmpP3R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMEndPg03Idle
safeMVerOpIdle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMEPPsOffIdle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP3Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP3RIdle
safeMEPPsOffSDIdle -- a / null -> pDCOffIdle
nomMPrepDmpP1RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP1R1Idle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPPsOffSDIdle
iniMPostCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTime
nomMBeginPg03Idle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP0Idle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle
nomMEndPg03Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle -- a / null -> safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime
nomMWaitPrepDmpP2Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP2RIdle
nomMTxDmpP1R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMTxDmpP1R2Idle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP1Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP1RIdle
safeMEnteredCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdle
nomMTxDmpP2R2Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP3Idle
nomMTxDmpP0R2Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMWaitPrepDmpP1Idle
safeMEPPsOffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle
nomMWaitPrepDmpP0Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepDmpP0RIdle
nomMTxDmpP0R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMTxDmpP0R2Idle
nomMTxDmpP2R1Idle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC0_763 -> nomMTxDmpP2R2Idle
nomMPrepDmpP2RIdle -- a / DMP_DATA_RSC3_1_1111 -> nomMTxDmpP2R1Idle
safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMWaitToNominalIdle
