pDCOffIdle -- a / start60s -> iniMPostCoutingTime
nomMBeginHkDataIdle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> nomMWaitChPar1Idle
nomMPrepHkR2Idle -- a / HK_DATA_RSC4 -> nomMTxHkR21Idle
nomMEndT2Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepHkR2Idle
safeMWaitToNominalIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMBeginHkDataIdle
nomMTxHkR22Idle -- a / HK_DATA_RSC2 -> nomMTxHkR23Idle
safeMVerOpIdle -- a / INFO_OP_MODE -> safeMEPPsOffIdle
safeMEPPsOffSDIdle -- a / null -> pDCOffIdle
nomMTxHkR24Idle -- a / HK_DATA_RSC0 -> nomMTxHkR25Idle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPPsOffSDIdle
iniMPostCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMEnteredCoutingTime
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle
nomMTxHkR21Idle -- a / HK_DATA_RSC3 -> nomMTxHkR22Idle
safeMEPP1OnEPP2OnIdle -- a / null -> safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime
nomMTxHkR25Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMTxHkR26Idle
nomMWaitChPar2Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMEndHkDataIdle
nomMWaitT1Idle -- a / null -> nomMWaitPrepHk1CoutingTime
nomMTxHkR12Idle -- a / SCI_DATA -> nomMWaitT2Idle
nomMWaitPrepHk2CoutingTime -- a / null -> nomMEndT2Idle
safeMEnteredCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMVerOpIdle
nomMWaitChPar1Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMWaitT1Idle
nomMTxHkR11Idle -- a / NO_DATA -> nomMTxHkR12Idle
nomMTxHkR26Idle -- a / SCI_DATA -> nomMWaitChPar2Idle
nomMEndHkDataIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffSDIdle
safeMEPPsOffIdle -- a / CMD_REC -> safeMEPP1OnEPP2OffIdle
nomMWaitPrepHk1CoutingTime -- a / null -> nomMEndT1Idle
nomMEndT1Idle -- a / CMD_REC -> nomMPrepHkR1Idle
nomMPrepHkR1Idle -- a / HK_DATA_RSC0 -> nomMTxHkR11Idle
safeMWaitEPPsReadyCoutingTime -- a / null -> safeMWaitToNominalIdle
nomMWaitT2Idle -- a / null -> nomMWaitPrepHk2CoutingTime
nomMTxHkR23Idle -- a / HK_DATA_RSC1 -> nomMTxHkR24Idle
