idleSync -- a / null -> idleSync
idleSync -- b / null -> idleSyncExp
idleSyncExp -- a / null -> idleSync
idleSyncExp -- b / null -> countingTimeWaitingType
countingTimeSizeF -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeSizeF -- b / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- c / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- d / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- e / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- f / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- g / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- h / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- i / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- j / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- k / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- l / dok -> countingTimeDataF
countingTimeSizeF -- m / dnok -> idleSync
countingTimeSizeE -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeSizeE -- b / dok -> countingTimeDataE
countingTimeSizeE -- c / dnok -> idleSync
countingTimeSizeD -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeSizeD -- b / dok -> countingTimeDataD
countingTimeSizeD -- c / dnok -> idleSync
countingTimeSizeC -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeSizeC -- b / dok -> countingTimeDataC
countingTimeSizeC -- c / dok -> countingTimeDataC
countingTimeSizeC -- d / dnok -> idleSync
countingTimeChecksum -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeChecksum -- b / null -> idleSync
countingTimeChecksum -- c / null -> idleSync
countingTimeWaitingType -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeWaitingType -- b / tnok -> idleSync
countingTimeWaitingType -- c / tok -> countingTimeTypeC
countingTimeWaitingType -- d / tok -> countingTimeTypeD
countingTimeWaitingType -- e / tok -> countingTimeTypeE
countingTimeWaitingType -- f / tok -> countingTimeTypeF
countingTimeWaitingType -- g / tok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeWaitingType -- h / tok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeWaitingType -- i / tok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeWaitingType -- j / tok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeWaitingType -- k / tok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeTypeD -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeTypeD -- b / sok -> countingTimeSizeD
countingTimeTypeD -- c / snok -> idleSync
countingTimeTypeE -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeTypeE -- b / sok -> countingTimeSizeE
countingTimeTypeE -- c / snok -> idleSync
countingTimeDataF -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeDataF -- b / tsdok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeTypeC -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeTypeC -- b / sok -> countingTimeSizeC
countingTimeTypeC -- c / snok -> idleSync
countingTimeDataC -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeDataC -- b / tsdok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeTypeF -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeTypeF -- b / sok -> countingTimeSizeF
countingTimeTypeF -- c / snok -> idleSync
countingTimeDataE -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeDataE -- b / tsdok -> countingTimeChecksum
countingTimeDataD -- a / null -> idleSync
countingTimeDataD -- b / tsdok -> countingTimeChecksum
